feat: update configuration doc (#1672)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/configuration/OVERVIEW.md

Reviewer: Can be a good practice to add a list of relative packages (link to their readme.md) in the end of the documentation to facilitate the navigation

# Configuration mechanism

> The aim of this document is to help developers to implement `Configuration` inside components, in order to be compliant 

Author: comment from @pginoux-1A:
I think the first thing is not about the CMS, it's about making the application configurable dynamically. The CMS is a way to ease the creation of this configuration override, but that's not mandatory. It would be interesting to develop "When do I want to build configurability in my application and why" and then go on the How which is already part of this file

https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/pull/1583/files#r1557788837

Reviewer 2: I tried something:
"The aim of this document is to help developers to implement configurability in your application. 

You may need configurability if you are developping components that may have different behaviors or different display depending on who or how there are used. 
Let's take the example of a library with calendar components used by many projects all around the world. 
Depending on their culture, some of the users may want a Gregorian Calendar, others may need the Lunar one. 
You will probably want to make your component configurable at least at build time to meet everyone's need. 

Now, let's imagine the same use case not for a library but for an application. You need to implement some sort of runtime configurability to address everyone's need. That is what Otter's `Configuration` pattern is for.

In this page, you will learn how to implement this pattern and how to extract metadata that will describe how your project can be configured. The metadata json can be used to build your own override application, or as an input for a CMS plugin for example.
@pginoux-1A , @sdo-1A what do you think?

# Configuration mechanism

The aim of this document is to help developers to implement configurability in a library or an application.

You may need configurability if you are developing components that can have different behaviors or displays depending on who is using them or how.
Let's take the example of a library with calendar components used by many projects all around the world.
Depending on their culture, some users may want a Gregorian Calendar, others may need the Lunar one.
You will probably want to make your component configurable at least at build time to meet everyone's needs.

Now let's imagine the same use case, not for a library, but for an application. You need to implement some sort of runtime configurability to meet
everyone's needs. That is the purpose of Otter's Configuration pattern.

In this documentation, you will learn how to implement this pattern and how to extract metadata that will describe how your project can be configured.
The JSON metadata can be used to build your own override application, or as an input for a CMS plugin, for example.

## Component configuration types

```

>   dynamic config

Reviewer: Not sure the term is correct as they are all "dynamic config".
Maybe we can use "customized configuration"?

But a link scribing the different configuration process (or giving an example of it) can help :S

### Default configuration

- Each __configurable component__ will have a default configuration which will be defined in the `.config.ts` file associated to the component

> [!WARNING]
> The field name `id` should not be used in the configuration, as we created a unique one for the entity configuration store.

### Configuration coming from the configuration store

> - Each __configurable component__ can have a customized configuration (compliant with the store model). This custom configuration can be

Reviewer 2: This is a bit strange to phrase it this way and call it store configuration in the rest of the documentation. 
Maybe we could call it runtime configuration and only mention the store as a way to store this configuration instead of making it seems like the update of the store is the purpose of the configuration (not just the way the configuration is stored in the application).

### Default configuration

- Each __configurable component__ will have a default configuration which will be defined in the `.config.ts` file associated to the component

> [!WARNING]
> The field name `id` should not be used in the configuration, as we created a unique one for the entity configuration store.

### Configuration coming from the configuration store

- Each __configurable component__ can have a customized configuration (compliant with the store model). This custom configuration can be
  asynchronously loaded from a backend server, or it can be injected in the body tag of the app. In both cases, this
  content will be used to update the store.
- If present, it will override the default configuration. Don't worry about the implementation now, we'll see it later.

### Global configuration

> - The __common configuration__ is the one used in multiple components. It can be a date format, a price display, an input

Author: comment from @cpaulve-1A:
I would put emphasis on the "common configuration" via bold text and put the inside of the parenthesis in a separate.
The type of input is really unclear and would leave out this example if we don't make it cleare. (I finally got the idea that it might be the presentation of the angular inputs)

https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/pull/1583/files#r1555909792

  form field type from an Angular material input element, etc.
- A common configuration is defined in every library. The application's common configuration (__global configuration__) will be
  the result of the __merge of all the common__ configurations.
- The common configuration is __not overridden__ at component type (there will be no properties with the same name in
  common configuration and components).

> - At runtime, after the configuration of a component is computed, it is extended by the global configuration, so components can use

Author: comment from @cpaulve-1A:
Missing comma line 60 and I am not sure I understand what it means. An example could be great there

https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/pull/1583/files#r1555920906

## Configuration types library/application

- At __library__ level, we have the configuration for `Block` and `ExposedComponent`, see [available component types](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/blob/main/docs/components/INTRODUCTION.md#component-type).

A block component class should specify __Block__ for __componentType__ in the __O3rComponent__ to be identified by the extractor.
```typescript
@O3rComponent({
  componentType: 'Block'
})
@Component({
  selector: 'o3r-block',
  template: ''
})
export class BlockComponent {}
```

- At application level:

__Page configuration__: Each page component class should specify __Block__ for __componentType__ in the __O3rComponent__ to be identified by the extractor.
```typescript
@O3rComponent({
  componentType: 'Page'
})
@Component({
  selector: 'o3r-page',
  template: ''
})
export class PageComponent {}
```

__Application configuration__: The application can have 2 types of configurations depending on the use cases: __pre-bootstrap__ or __runtime (post-bootstrap)__.

__Pre-bootstrap configuration__

- Defined in one interface extending the __AppBuildConfiguration__ from __@o3r/core__ in order to be identified by the extractor.

> - Used for configurations needed before loading the Angular application component. They will be

Author: comment from @pginoux-1A:
It's not injected by the CMS, there is no runtime interactions with the CMS, it's used as an edition panel for the customization and the files are exported in the dynamic content folder afterwards. We should advertise that this part is linked to a piece of code server side that updates the index.html and what requires to be added with an example

https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/pull/1583/files#r1557804902

- The lowest priority is the default configuration set in the component (in the `config.ts` file of the component)

## How to set up the configuration service

We support two ways of setting up the configuration service (`ConfigurationBaseService`). It can be at the bootstrap of the
application for a static configuration or at any time during application execution for a dynamic configuration. 

### Static configuration (override)

- The default configuration is extracted by the __@o3r/components:extractor__ and bundled in a JSON file.

- From this file, we extract and modify the component's configurations we want to customize, and we create a new JSON file.

- The content of the new file is injected in the `index.html` body's data attribute (`data-staticconfig`).

- The value from the data attribute is taken and passed to the configuration service.

The big gain here is that the custom configuration is set up at the bootstrap of the application and available for the
components when they are instantiated.

### Dynamic configuration

- The default configuration is extracted by __@o3r/components:extractor__ and bundled in a JSON file which will be exposed in the CMS

> - In the CMS plugin the Business Analyst will modify the configuration of components which will be exposed (in the

Reviewer 2: Do we really mention the CMS plugin when we do not provide it? 
I would be more generic "In a Configuration UI," or something like this

  server) as dynamic content of the app

- The application will do an HTTP call to get the custom configuration and override the default configuration via the configuration service.

> [!NOTE]
> There is no need to rebuild/redeploy the application to apply these changes.

## Configuration types library/application

- At __library__ level, we have the configuration for `Block`, `Component` and `ExposedComponent`, see [available component types](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/blob/main/docs/components/INTRODUCTION.md#component-type).

A block component class should specify `'Block'` for `componentType` in the `@O3rComponent` decorator to be identified by the extractor.
```typescript
@O3rComponent({
  componentType: 'Block'
})
@Component({
  selector: 'o3r-block',
  template: ''
})
export class BlockComponent {}
```

- At __application__ level:

__Page configuration__: Each page component class should specify `'Page'` for `componentType` in the `@O3rComponent` decorator to be identified by the extractor.
```typescript
@O3rComponent({
  componentType: 'Page'
})
@Component({
  selector: 'o3r-page',
  template: ''
})
export class PageComponent {}
```

> __Application configuration__: The application can have 2 types of configurations depending on the use cases: __pre-bootstrap__ or __runtime (post-bootstrap)__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Application configuration__: The application can have 2 types of configuration depending on the use cases: __pre-bootstrap__ or __runtime (post-bootstrap)__.
```

__Pre-bootstrap configuration__

- Defined in one interface extending the `AppBuildConfiguration` from __@o3r/core__ in order to be identified by the extractor.
- Used for configurations needed before loading the Angular application component.

__Runtime configuration__

- Defined in one interface that extends the `AppRuntimeConfiguration`  interface available in __@o3r/core__ in order to
  be identified by the extractor.
- Used as a configuration for the application (ex: global appearance of the Angular material component in the application)

## How to develop configuration

> [!NOTE]
> Your project needs to depend on `@o3r/configuration`.
> To install it, run `ng add @o3r/configuration`.

### To generate a component with configuration

```shell
ng g component ComponentName --use-otter-config
```

### To generate configuration in an existing component

```shell
ng g @o3r/configuration:add-config --path="/path/to/the/component/class.component.ts"
```

## Configuration file (*.config.ts)

> You need to implement `Configuration` in the dedicated file of the component (`*.config.ts`).

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can make a mention of the vscode extension that does it for you?

The configuration should extend the interface of the configuration that is supported by the extractor.

> It can also contain nested configuration which needs to extend `NestedConfiguration`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can also contain nested configurations which need to extend `NestedConfiguration`. 
```

### Default configuration

- Each __configurable component__ will have a default configuration which will be defined in the `.config.ts` file associated to the component

> [!WARNING]
> The field name `id` should not be used in the configuration, as we use this field in our internal implementation.

### Customized configuration

> - Each __configurable component__ can have a customized configuration, which can be asynchronously loaded from a backend server,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Each __configurable component__ can have a customized configuration which can be asynchronously loaded from a backend server,
or injected in the body tag of the app.
```

> - Each __configurable component__ can have a customized configuration, which can be asynchronously loaded from a backend server,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Each __configurable component__ can have a customized configuration, which can be asynchronously loaded from a backend server,
```
```suggestion
- Each __configurable component__ can have a customized configuration which can be asynchronously loaded from a backend server,
```

>   or it can be injected in the body tag of the app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or injected in the body tag of the app.
```

### Default configuration

- Each __configurable component__ will have a default configuration which will be defined in the `.config.ts` file associated to the component

> [!WARNING]

> > The field name `id` should not be used in the configuration, as we use this field in our internal implementation.

Reviewer 3: You may create a linter rule for that ! :)

Reviewer 2: We can do it in a separate Github issue ;)

- The default configuration is extracted by the __@o3r/components:extractor__ and bundled in a JSON file.

- From this file, we extract and modify the component's configurations we want to customize, and we create a new JSON file.

- The content of the new file is injected in the `index.html` body's data attribute (`data-staticconfig`).

- The value from the data attribute is taken and passed to the configuration service.

The big gain here is that the custom configuration is set up at the bootstrap of the application and available for the
components when they are instantiated.

### Dynamic configuration

- The default configuration is extracted by __@o3r/components:extractor__ and bundled in a JSON file which will be exposed in the CMS

- In the CMS plugin the Business Analyst will modify the configuration of components which will be exposed (in the
  server) as dynamic content of the app

- The application will do an HTTP call to get the custom configuration and override the default configuration via the configuration service.

> [!NOTE]
> There is no need to rebuild/redeploy the application to apply these changes.

## Configuration types library/application

> - At __library__ level, we have the configuration for `Block` and `ExposedComponent`, see [available component types](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/blob/main/docs/components/INTRODUCTION.md#component-type).

Reviewer 3: You can define component in your application also

A block component class should specify __Block__ for __componentType__ in the __O3rComponent__ to be identified by the extractor.
```typescript
@O3rComponent({
  componentType: 'Block'
})
@Component({
  selector: 'o3r-block',
  template: ''
})
export class BlockComponent {}
```

- At application level:

> __Page configuration__: Each page component class should specify __Block__ for __componentType__ in the __O3rComponent__ to be identified by the extractor.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
__Page configuration__: Each page component class should specify __Page__ for __componentType__ in the __O3rComponent__ to be identified by the extractor.
```

```typescript
@O3rComponent({
  componentType: 'Page'
})
@Component({
  selector: 'o3r-page',
  template: ''
})
export class PageComponent {}
```

__Application configuration__: The application can have 2 types of configurations depending on the use cases: __pre-bootstrap__ or __runtime (post-bootstrap)__.

__Pre-bootstrap configuration__

- Defined in one interface extending the __AppBuildConfiguration__ from __@o3r/core__ in order to be identified by the extractor.
- Used for configurations needed before loading the Angular application component. It is up to the server to specify the body tag

>   `data-dynamiccontentpath` as a data attribute inside the `index.html` so the application can get the latest version of the dynamic

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure `dynamiccontentpath` as something related to the configuration

  content. For example:

```html
<body data-dynamiccontentpath="/cdn/myApp/"></body>
```

__Runtime configuration__

- Defined in one interface that extends the __AppRuntimeConfiguration__  interface available in __@o3r/core__ in order to
  be identified by the extractor.
- Used as a configuration for the application (ex: global appearance of the Angular material component in the application)

## How to develop configuration

> [!NOTE]
> Your project needs to depend on `@o3r/configuration`.
> To install it, run `ng add @o3r/configuration`.

### To generate a component with configuration

```shell
ng g component ComponentName --use-otter-config
```

### To generate configuration in an existing component

```shell
ng g @o3r/configuration:add-config --path="/path/to/the/component/class.component.ts"
```

## Configuration file (*.config.ts)

You need to implement `Configuration` in the dedicated file of the component (`*.config.ts`).
The configuration should extend the interface of the configuration that is supported by the extractor.

It can also contain nested configuration which needs to extend `NestedConfiguration`. 

> This interface is part of the @o3r/core package, with only primitive types allowed inside ( string | boolean | number).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This interface is part of the @o3r/core package, with only primitive types allowed inside (string | boolean | number) and array of primitive types.
```

> OPTIONAL types NOT supported will be ignored by the extractor.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OPTIONAL types are NOT supported and will be ignored by the extractor.
```

  or it can be injected in the body tag of the app.
- If present, it will override the default configuration. Don't worry about the implementation now, we'll see it later.

### Global configuration

- The __common configuration__ is the one used in multiple components. It can be a date format, a price display, the appearance of an Angular component, etc.
- A common configuration is defined in every library. The application's common configuration (__global configuration__) will be
  the result of the __merge of all the common__ configurations.
- The common configuration is __not overridden__ at component type (there will be no properties with the same name in
  common configuration and components).
- At runtime, after the configuration of a component is computed, it is extended by the global configuration, so components can use
  fields from the global configuration. (An example of this is available [below](#handle-global-config).)

### Input configuration

- The configuration of a __component instance__ can be overridden via `@Input` configuration.

### Priorities for the configuration

- The highest priority is the one passed as input from a parent component

> - The second priority is the priority by component ID set dynamically

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure to understand this part
also, is it not already kind of covered by the schema in the `Component configuration types` section ?

Author: This corresponds to the customized configuration, I can rephrase if the sentence is not clear enough
And yes, this is copied in the key takeaways section of the documentation

application for a static configuration or at any time during application execution for a dynamic configuration. 

### Static configuration (override)

- The default configuration is extracted by the __@o3r/components:extractor__ and bundled in a JSON file.

- From this file, we extract and modify the component's configurations we want to customize, and we create a new JSON file.

- The content of the new file is injected in the `index.html` body's data attribute (`data-staticconfig`).

- The value from the data attribute is taken and passed to the configuration service.

The big gain here is that the custom configuration is set up at the bootstrap of the application and available for the
components when they are instantiated.

### Dynamic configuration

- The default configuration is extracted by __@o3r/components:extractor__ and bundled in a JSON file which will be exposed in the CMS

- In the CMS plugin the Business Analyst will modify the configuration of components which will be exposed (in the
  server) as dynamic content of the app

- The application will do an HTTP call to get the custom configuration and override the default configuration via the configuration service.

> [!NOTE]

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

```

__Application configuration__: The application can have 2 types of configurations depending on the use cases: __pre-bootstrap__ or __runtime (post-bootstrap)__.

__Pre-bootstrap configuration__

- Defined in one interface extending the __AppBuildConfiguration__ from __@o3r/core__ in order to be identified by the extractor.
- Used for configurations needed before loading the Angular application component. It is up to the server to specify the body tag
  `data-dynamiccontentpath` as a data attribute inside the `index.html` so the application can get the latest version of the dynamic
  content. For example:

```html
<body data-dynamiccontentpath="/cdn/myApp/"></body>
```

__Runtime configuration__

- Defined in one interface that extends the __AppRuntimeConfiguration__  interface available in __@o3r/core__ in order to
  be identified by the extractor.
- Used as a configuration for the application (ex: global appearance of the Angular material component in the application)

## How to develop configuration

> [!NOTE]
> Your project needs to depend on `@o3r/configuration`.
> To install it, run `ng add @o3r/configuration`.

### To generate a component with configuration

```shell

> ng g component ComponentName --useOtterConfig

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
ng g component ComponentName --use-otter-config
```
?

   */
  myUnionTypeField: 'before' | 'after';

  /**
   * myReferencedUnionTypeField description
   */
  myReferencedUnionTypeField: Position;

  /**
   * myNestedField description
   */
  myNestedField: MyNestedConfig[];
}

/**
 * MyNestedConfig description
 */
interface MyNestedConfig extends NestedConfiguration {
  /**
   * myNestedStringField description
   */
  myNestedStringField: string;

  /**
   * myNestedBooleanField description
   */
  myNestedBooleanField: boolean;

  /**
   * myNestedNumberField description
   */
  myNestedNumberField: number;
}

export const MY_DEFAULT_CONFIG: MyConfig = {
  myStringField: 'myStringField default value',
  myBooleanField: false,
  myNumberField: 0,
  myUnionTypeField: 'before',
  myReferencedUnionTypeField: 'top',
  myStringListField: ['firstDefaultValue', 'secondDefaultValue'],
  myNestedField: [
    {
      'myNestedStringField': 'myNestedStringField default value 1',
      'myNestedBooleanField': false,
      'myNestedNumberField': 15
    },
    {
      'myNestedStringField': 'myNestedStringField default value 2',
      'myNestedBooleanField': true,
      'myNestedNumberField': 10
    }
  ]
};
```

> [!WARNING]

> > The default configuration const needs to be explicitly typed with the configuration interface and contain no variable references.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> The default configuration const needs to be explicitly typed with the configuration interface and contain no variable references.
> The const needs to be defined after the interface
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The order for Nested configuration does not matter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> The order for NestedConfiguration does not matter.
```

`UnionTypes` are supported in 2 cases:

1) inline definition (see above `myUnionTypeField`)
2) reference to a union type that is defined in the same configuration file (see above `myReferencedUnionTypeField` and `Position`).

> ### Configuration tags

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can add that we expose a linter for that `docs/linter/eslint-plugin/rules/o3r-categories-tags.md`

Reviewer 3: And a vscode extension for autocomplete

Author: I will open an issue once the PR is merged

Author: https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/issues/1864

they are supported in the [CMS JSON schema](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/packages/%40o3r/configuration/schemas/configuration.metadata.schema.json).
Please refer to the schema for the latest supported model.

For instance, if you want to add a title to your component's configuration as a way to have a user friendly naming and a label for your property, you can set the following JSTags:
```typescript
/**
 * This is an incredible config but the name is not so easy to read for CMS users
 *
 * @title My Incredible Config
 */
export interface MyConfigWithADifficultName extends Configuration {
  /**
   * My great property
   *
   * @label Human readable title
   */
  myConfigProperty: string;
}
```

If you use any non-supported tags in your tsdocs, they will be ignored by the extractor. For instance, in the following example, the `unsupportedTag` will not be part of the extracted metadata.

```typescript
/**
 * Yet another Configuration
 *
 * @unsupportedTag This tag will be ignored by the configuration extractor
 */
export interface MyConfig extends Configuration {
  /**
   * Some description
   */
  someConfigProperty: string;
}
```

> ### Configuration categories

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can add that we expose a linter for that `docs/linter/eslint-plugin/rules/o3r-widget-tags.md`

Reviewer 3: And a vscode extension for autocomplete

Author: I will open an issue once the PR is merged

Author: https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/issues/1864

      'myNestedBooleanField': false,
      'myNestedNumberField': 15
    },
    {
      'myNestedStringField': 'myNestedStringField default value 2',
      'myNestedBooleanField': true,
      'myNestedNumberField': 10
    }
  ]
};
```

> [!WARNING]
> Default configuration needs to be written AFTER the interface declaration and contain no variable references.

> [!NOTE]
> The order for Nested configuration does not matter.

`UnionTypes` are supported in 2 cases:

1) inline definition (see above `myUnionTypeField`)
2) reference to a union type that is defined in the same configuration file (see above `myReferencedUnionTypeField` and `Position`).

### Configuration tags

To implement this feature, you should add the tags in the JSDoc of the configuration interface while respecting the correct format, for example:

```typescript
/**
 * MyConfig description
 * @tags [tag1, tag2, tag3]
 */
export interface MyConfig extends Configuration {

}
```

> [!NOTE]
> We also support the multiline format for the tags, for example:
> ```typescript
> /**
>  * MyConfig description
>  * @tags [
>  *   tag1,
>  *   tag2,
>  *   tag3
>  * ]

> >  */

Reviewer 4: don't you need to close the triple backquotes ?
```suggestion
>  */
> ```
```

   */
  myUnionTypeField: 'before' | 'after';

  /**
   * myReferencedUnionTypeField description
   */
  myReferencedUnionTypeField: Position;

  /**
   * myNestedField description
   */
  myNestedField: MyNestedConfig[];
}

/**
 * MyNestedConfig description
 */
interface MyNestedConfig extends NestedConfiguration {
  /**
   * myNestedStringField description
   */
  myNestedStringField: string;

  /**
   * myNestedBooleanField description
   */
  myNestedBooleanField: boolean;

  /**
   * myNestedNumberField description
   */
  myNestedNumberField: number;
}

export const MY_DEFAULT_CONFIG: MyConfig = {
  myStringField: 'myStringField default value',
  myBooleanField: false,
  myNumberField: 0,
  myUnionTypeField: 'before',
  myReferencedUnionTypeField: 'top',
  myStringListField: ['firstDefaultValue', 'secondDefaultValue'],
  myNestedField: [
    {
      'myNestedStringField': 'myNestedStringField default value 1',
      'myNestedBooleanField': false,
      'myNestedNumberField': 15
    },
    {
      'myNestedStringField': 'myNestedStringField default value 2',
      'myNestedBooleanField': true,
      'myNestedNumberField': 10
    }
  ]
};
```

> [!WARNING]

> > Default configuration needs to be written AFTER the interface declaration and contain no variable references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Default configuration const needs to be explicitly typed with the configuration interface and contain no variable references.
```

  ) {
    this.registerDefaultGlobalConfig();
  }

  // As mentioned above, we have to merge the common configurations coming from the libraries and use the result as a global configuration
  // The configuration service has a method that does this
  private registerDefaultGlobalConfig() {
    // Compute the global configuration based on all common configurations from the libraries
    const global = {...AREA_1_CONFIG_DEFAULT, ...AREA_2_CONFIG_DEFAULT};
    this.configurationService.extendConfiguration(global);
  }
}
````

## Naming convention

| Attribute                   | Pattern     |
| --------------------------- | ----------- |
| **Configuration file name** | *.config.ts |
| **Configuration name**      | *Config     |

## Key takeaways

The configuration mechanism is based on the __Configuration Service__ and __Extractors__.

The __Default configuration__ for a component is the one taken from the `.config.ts` file associated to that component.

- The configuration metadata is extracted and computed from the `.config.ts` file of each component.

The __Static configuration__ is the one injected in the `index.html` of the application.

> - The configuration is modified inside the CMS or by hand by implementation teams for example.

Reviewer 2: Same remark as before: we can't really say "the CMS" as if we were providing one
